Fundworld
=========
A fund transfer using Spring and Hibernate 
When payment is transferred to a new fund, the payment amount is deducted from
the FUND_DETAILS table’s BALANCE_AMOUNT column, and the payment details are
saved in the PAYMENT_DETAILS table.
The columns of FUND_DETAILS table are: 
• ACCOUNTID - account identifier that uniquely identifies a customer’s fund.
• BALANCE_AMOUNT - holds the current balance in the fund. When a customer does a payment transfer, the payment amount is deducted from this column,
• LAST_TRANSACTION_TS - specifies the date/time when the last transaction was performed on
this account.
The columns of PAYMENT_DETAILS table are:
• PAYMENT_ID - payment identifier that uniquely identifies a payment. When a customer does a payment transfer, a unique payment identifier is generated by the fundapp for future reference by the customer. The value of PAYMENT_ID column is auto-generated by MySQL database.
• ACCOUNTJD - foreign key that identifies the fund with which the payment is
associated. Every quarter, interest generated by the payment is credited into the fund identified by this column.
i • FD_CREATION_DATE - the date on which the payment was created
• AMOUNT - payment amount
• TENURE - payment tenure (in months). payment tenure must be greater than or
equal to 12 months and less than or equal to 60 months.
• ACTIVE - indicates whether the payment is currently active or not. An active payment
generates interest on the payment amount.

Instructions:
===========
Generate project with maven & run/modify as desired.
